---
layout: post
title: "iOS"
categories: guides ios
---

### Step 1a

Login to your [@mcc.edu.in](#) account on any Google App

<details>
<summary>How do I do that?</summary>
<ul>
<li>Open any <abbr title="Gmail, Meet, Classroom, Google, etc.">Google App </abbr></li>
<li>Tap on your profile picture to open the account switcher</li>
<li>Tap on <b>Add Accounts</b></li>
<li>Login using your @mcc.edu.in account</li>
</ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>I don't know my password!</summary>
<ul>
<li>Never reset it before? Ask your class rep for the default password</li>
<li>Reset it but forgot? Use the <b>Forgot password</b> option</li>
</ul>
</details>

### Step 1b

Login to your [@mcc.edu.in](#) account in your
<abbr title="Safari, Chrome, Firefox, Opera, or any other">
browser</abbr>

<details>
<summary>Safari?</summary>
<ul>
<li>Go to <a href="//google.com" target="_blank">google.com</a> on Safari</li>
<li>Tap on your profile picture on the top right</li>
<li>No @mcc.edu.in ID? Tap on <b>Add account</b> and add it</li>
</ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Chrome?</summary>
<ul>
<li>Open <a href="//google.com" target="_blank">google.com</a> on Chrome</li>
<li>Tap on your profile picture on the top right</li>
<li>If your @mcc.edu.in ID isn't there, tap on <b>Add accounts</b> and add it</li>
</ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Something else?</summary>
<ul>
<li>Open <a href="//google.com" target="_blank">google.com</a> on your browser</li>
<li>Tap on your profile picture on the top right</li>
<li>If your @mcc.edu.in ID isn't there, tap on <b>Add accounts</b> and add it</li>
</ul>
</details>

### Step 2

Join the Google Meet hosted by your class' polling officer  
If your device doesn't have a good camera, please switch to another device

<details>
<summary>I am not being admitted!</summary>
<ul>
<li>Click on Switch account on bottom and choose the @mcc.edu.in account and try again</li>
</ul>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Some error?</summary>
<ul>
<li>It keeps closing?</li>
<li>The poll attendance has not yet started</li> 
<li>Please wait a while and join again</li>
</ul>
</details>
<details>
<summary>Who's my polling officer?</summary>
<ul><li>Ask your class rep</li></ul>
</details>

### Step 3

When your professor calls your name for attendance:

- Turn on camera and mic
- Show your face and say present
- Ensure that your professor has seen _and_ heard you
- You may turn camera and mic off

<details>
<summary>My phone doesn't have a front camera!</summary>
<ul>
<li>Please use a device with a camera. This is important to ensure votes are not misused.</li>
<li>Or if you can, ask someone to hold the phone and use the backcamera</li>
</ul>
</details>

### Step 4

Wait till the appointed time for polling

<details>
<summary>I am boredddd!</summary>
<ul>
<li>If this were in real-life you'd be standing the entire time. 😑</li>
<li>This way you at least get to sit! 🎉 </li>
</ul>
</details>

### Step 5

Your professor will share the link to the **Ballot Form**

<details>
<summary>I did not get the link!</summary>
<ul>
<li>Ask your professor where they have shared the link</li>
</ul>
</details>

### Step 6

Open the link to the Ballot from  
For now, try this similarly set up form at [forms.gle/s333jfaMsHcAAkS86](//forms.gle/s333jfaMsHcAAkS86){:target="\_blank"}

<details>
<summary>I need permission?</summary>
<ul>
<li>Check if you are logged in on your browser. Refer <a href="#step-1b">Step 1b</a></li>
<li>Used something <abbr title="Chrome, etc">other than Safari</abbr> 
in <a href="#step-1b" title="Login on browser">Step 1b</a>?</li>
<li>Copy and paste the link into your browser</li>
</ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>It didn't load at all</summary>
<ul>
<li>Check your internet</li>
</ul>
</details>

### Step 7

Vote for your preferred candidate and submit the form  
Remember, no take-backs. You can submit only once

### Step 8

Go back to the Meet  
Open the chat  
Send a message saying "**YES**"

<details>
<summary>I got disconnected</summary>
<b>You can:</b>
<ul> 
<li>Try joining again</li>
<li>Ask a friend to send a message with your name saying "<b>YES</b>"</li>
</ul>
</details>

### Step 9

Leave the Meet

### Step 10

Await the results

<h3 class="slogan">Live. Love. MCC! ❤️ </h3>

<!--
<details>
<summary></summary>
<ul>
<li></li>
</ul>
</details>
-->
